Invincible Supreme Humph
Something to take credit for following my butt
You can mention it in front of me.
You are unparalleled
It is known as the Supreme
And my brother is invincible
So it is invincible supreme
Hmm, even if it's you
It's my brother's opponent
It's ridiculous
He, Zhao Wudi, never faced the enemy on the battlefield
I didn't fight any enemies head-on.
How dare you call it invincible
Qinglun, you dare to slander Invincible Supreme
You really lived to the end
The rules of the Peerless Army, the rebels are in charge
You two brothers are currently
You can do evil in the underworld
Long Shuang, how dare you hurt you?
Wait for my second brother to come
Your whole family is his enemy
Long Shuang, you know
Once you do
Will your parents survive?
Hmph, Master Zhao has already sent someone to your house
You dare to hurt my brother
Are your parents dead?